When you finally chill with your crush and they're nothing like you imagined. 

Barber: What you want?
Kanye: Lemme get that boost on Mario Kart
Barber: Say no more. 
When u mess up a screenshot and lock ur phone and all u can see is the reflection of failure staring back at u. 
When u see a cute service dog and u want to pet him but u know he has an important job he trained his whole life for. 
How I sleep knowing that I have a big day tomorrow and need as much rest as possible.
When someone gets loud with their attitude and you have to see who tf they talking to.
when your friend getting yelled at by their parents and they look at you for back up.
When you get your own place and realise you actually have to pay for water.
me making new Netlix accounts to get free 1 month trials. 
Me: So I met this guy
Me (two days later): never mind. 
When you tell your dad to do a magic trick and he disappears forever.
When you first meet her vs when you get to know her. 
When you in the car with someone who's texting and driving and you look at them like so fuck my life huh??.
In middle school when you would trade and grade papers & somebody asked the teacher if your answer was close enough. 
When you take your sew-in out and now your stylist isn't answering.
90% of dudes haircuts these days looklike this. 
911: Whats the emergency? Me: AT&T turned my phone off, u the only ppl I can call. 
What yall doing?
where the hoes?. 
When it's 3 am but you're trying to squeeze in one more episode. 
Blac Chyna looking down at her pregnancy test like.
When you finally got all 4 nations living in harmony and then the fire nation attacks. 
#GrowingUpUgly when someone would say out loud that u & ur crush should date each other & theyd be like 'ew no way'.
You don't have to communicate with anyone when you can just tag them in memes. When you tell everyone the story of how you fell in love with your girl, she be looking like. 
When you ask her about her day and she really tells you and you enjoy it cause you love her. 
When you gotta act like you don't remember the teacher assigning the homework 
Y'all ever kill a bug and just and wonder if they mama sittin up waiting for them to come home but they dead.
HOW COME YOU CAN DRINK A DRINK BUT CANT FOOD A FOOD. 
When it's late and you realize that nobody is ever going to actually love you.
When its officially spring and you need to start working on that summer body for real for real. 
when youre in an exam and everybody is using a ruler and you dont even know what the ruler is for. 
When the dish water is nasty but you gotta put your hand in to let the water out. 
You don't have to communicate with anyone when you can just tag them in memes. 
when your grandma finds out you haven't eaten for the whole day and your parents walk through the door. 
When your mom tells you to go in the store to buy something and gives you $10 but the total comes to 12.38.
That Look When Someone Is Tryin To Roast You And You About To End They Whole Life In One Sentence. 
when you see another nahualm puhhc.
You can't look high at work if ur high 24/7.
When they yell "Uno!" But you got a "Draw 4" waiting on that ass. 
when you ate the last of something and you hear them in the kitchen looking for it.
Finishing projects Abandoning projects Starting a new project before finishing the Continuously coming up with new ideas without doing anything. 
It's a pup holder. 
WHEN YA MOM BUST IN YOUR ROOM WITH YA REPORT CARDIN HER HAND. 
when someone makes u mad but it's Christmas time.
when you hear everyone flipping the exam page over but you're still on question 2. 
When you invite your crush out and all of a sudden your friend becomes a comedian. 
Laughing at your own text before you send it. 
When you trying to not to cough and you already coughed twice but you don't want people to think you have Ebola. 
When you was We and yo mama forgot m sxgn we held mp iormand yo classmates gemng on mebus hnna leave.
when somebody wrote "turn topage 72" in ya health book and it's a picture of titties. 
